The crown glistened on top of Eve's fingers, her eyes emptying at each moment she explores the sparkles of it.

It had just been that her ears were ringing from the sudden bolting of the door, right before her mother, the Queen disappeared from view.

The crown and its embroidered butterfly insignia should've settled her emotions to a smothering calm, but that day it was replaced by a rush of memories that only weighed on her.

"You can't see him anymore, Eve" The Queen had said to her.

--

"Sanyu, you should've been used to it by now..." Marlow said through an emptied wine bottle, his moustache edging on its opening.

"I know" Sanyu replied, snatching the bottle from Marlow's hands, peering inside of it before tossing it off to one side.

The bottle flipped across the floor, slipping through a mountain of other empty bottles, some having been cracked on their faces, and rolling about.

"Then what's with the mug, old pal?" Marlow asked, his eyes struggling to keep itself open.

"I'm used to the curse Marlow, not the goddamn consequences of it!" Sanyu said, slamming his fist on the table.

"Take it easy, take it easy...I got you, you mean you jush got ta.. try... and.." 

Marlow's shoulders dropped at the table, head resting on one side before snoring out loud.

Sanyu stood up, shook his head and covered his friend's frail body with his cloak.

"Old pal, you're the one who doesn't change..." He gave Marlow a light tap before sauntering out of the wooden hut.

Sanyu resigned himself to walking across a nearby riverbank, one with a hand of sparkling water expanding across the horizon, and where only the bed of grass and smooth stone are separating the blue from the gray and the green.

Slouching on a tree trunk, the grass in front of him used to have a flawless lady who mesmerized the flowers and the butterflies that surrounded her.

"And you are?" Sanyu remembered the time she asked her name.

"Eve"

That spurred the beginning of their meeting at the same bed of grass everyday, to talk, and to smile, and each passing day Sanyu realizes that he too, like the butterflies and the dandelions was also becoming mesmerized of her.

But his heart's fluttering would be halted, and the words that he had an iron grip on became an inquiry.

"I'm starting to fall for you? Is it possible to fall for anyone? For someone like me who's fated to lose everyone"

"Do you mean I'm not good enough?"

"It's not that, its just I'm... haven't you heard of me? Don't you know who I am?" He tore through the tall grasses his hands could find until she grabs it, held his fingers on her own, lining the crystal nails on to his palms.

"Has that ever mattered between us?" She whispered, her face was a lip away from his.

And the sun fell from the skies that day with only the chirping of the birds and gush of water, no talking, no laughing.

Sanyu opened his eyes, blighted by the sun peeking through a riff on his ceiling, his hands were buried on his own face before he began tracing his own lips.

"How sweet" he repeated.

He sat up and stretched his limbs, the soreness and sturdiness drifting away from his tendons.

"Good mornin-" Sanyu stopped after realising a parchment was laid on his table. Its stainless white glowed among the dust painted table, uncouth to the broken shack of his.

"A Letter From The Majesty, why would this be here?" He knotted his eyebrows.

"Sanyu The Cursed, the Queen warns that you obey the judicial order: To not come near the Princess, not a nickel nor an acre away" It said.

"Eve... a princess?" He trembled, crushing the parchment on his hands.

* Author's note *
I miss you so much, you know who you are. I hope you're seeing this, I understand her decision (the Queen) and I think its a wise one.
I have sooo much to say to you, if you'll let me. I want to post here everyday... I don't know what else can I do but blame myself for making you even more alone than ever. I miss you but I know you're feeling worse.

But i won't be stopped unless you tell me to, you can send me a message through the send a message to the author button and I'd be able to see it.. I hope you do, take care.

Since this site looks a little uglier, i would like to improve it everyday. Hopefully you'll grow to like it.