A brown mushroom-infested shack lies in the middle of a grove, edges lit only by handcrafted lamps from wooden sticks and honeycombs.

The bluebirds chirped and hummed along the perches and the roof like there was no difference.

While the trudge of cold air was probed by the sizzle of smoke coming from the chimney's fire.

Inside, Miss Margot's tanned nose itched when the forest leaves began crunching at a rapid pace.

She shakes her head and returned to her business, flipping over a file of hard paper on top of a table. Painted on to it was a triple headed lion jailed to a man's body, like the Chimeras drawn on forbidden books.

"The Devil" she read the card's name.

Then the door blasted open.

"Speaking of him..." She smiled at Sanyu who just appeared huddling on all fours.

"Miss! Eve, Th-- the princess!" he huffed through his words.

"Calm now, i know that you're in a predicament, your heart says so" she said returning the cards back to its glass casing.

Sanyu rose to his feet, taking a couple of breaths before throwing himself on to a chair.

Miss Margot flicked a finger and the door which Sanyu didn't bother to close began shutting itself as if there was wind kneading on to it.

"Composure saves time, the greatest resource... Now choose your words carefully, my dear" she said.

"Ah... thank you, Miss Fortune. I believe I have made another blunder"

"What is it?" Miss Margot walked over the fireplace and reached for the flames with one hand.

She cupped her palm and the flames started flowing on to it like water.

"I was not careful, the curse, I inflicted it to someone again" Sanyu stared at the floor as he mouthed off the words.

"Your curse is only a hindrance to you if you love the person that you inflicted it to... otherwise, its a service. Tell me, do you?" Miss Margot returned to her table and hovered her flaming hands on top of a cup, she opened her fingers and let the flames trickle inside of it.

"I... can't say that yet but I know that I'm much happier when I'm with her"

Miss Margot recalled back to Sanyu's arrival.

"Is this person, the princess of Yelirn that you're talking about?" she asked, approaching Sanyu with the cup.

He nodded.

"Then you've made more than a blunder. At best, you may see yourself banished. At worse, your head may be hanged on to a pike" she lifted Sanyu's chin and pushed a cup of tea on to his chest.

Sanyu took it and watched the last cinder of flames fade away and be replaced by a black liquid oozing with smoke.

"What should I do?"

Miss Margot chuckled.

"Leave her alone... simple as that" she said, her precise words were like thorns to Sanyu's heart.

"But i... that's a little..." Sanyu clenched his fist.

"Didn't you leave Mary alone too? And see how it worked out for you" Miss Margot interrupted.

Sanyu's eyes widened at the mention of her name and he recoiled his head, looking back at Miss Margot's serious face.

"I'm sorry for troubling you" Sanyu stood up, returned the cup back to the table and headed for the door.

Miss Margot watched him disappear and once again closed the door herself with a flick of a finger.

"Good, now you must stop running away" she whispered.

--

"Mary... why the hell does she have to bring that up!" Sanyu punched a tree but the howling feeling in his chest didn't fade away.

"A-and who said that it worked out well for me..." He let his body fall on to the trunk and exhaled.

"Uh... Sanyu, why are you talking to yourself?" Marlow appeared, his fingers clutched on to a bag of ice which he places on to his forehead from time to time.

The presence of Sanyu's friend lifted his strained mind a little.

"Marlow! You're finally awake, man... Right now I'm just out of ideas..."

Marlow sat beside Sanyu and picked up a pebble on his other hand, threw it on to the river and it splashed once before sinking.

"I always make things worse, always... yet i can't do anything to fix them, no chance to redeem myself, no idea, nothing" Sanyu spouted.

Marlow stared at his friend and sighed.

"Frankly, I don't really understand what you're going through but... I'll tell you to just be bold, its what you are and what you have always been. You don't need ideas for that, you just need your own strengths" He said, picked up another pebble and held it in front of Sanyu.

Sanyu froze for awhile, "I didn't know you could speak like that, you drunkard"

Marlow chuckled.

Then taking the pebble, Sanyu focused on the spread of the river in front of him, the diving seagulls and the sun approaching the distance.

"Ready yourself, we will sneak in to the castle" Sanyu widened his pose and gripped the pebble with two bent fingers.

"We're going to do what now?!!?"

Sanyu threw his hand across his body and the pebble slipped out of his hand driven by momentum and the onslaught of wind.

"I said get ready!" Sanyu boasted a smile.

The pebble began bouncing off the surface of water, speeding off till the two friends watched it disappear in to the distance, as if it'd reached the sun.

* Author's note *
When you left, i felt like i wanted to have at least the last word, I know I made your situation worse, I made you alone again. I was hoping you were fine, that she didn't do anything to harm you.

Not having the power to know this, just to pacify myself I began thinking of solutions, couldn't figure out one till I woke up and remembered the things that I can do. I threw this website together in a hurry so that our friend can send the link to you before its too late. Yesterday, the contacting system was broken, and i didn't know if you sent a message through it. i fixed it now though.

Other than that, I want to confess to you that I've been a little unfair with my feelings. Everytime i feel guilty there's always another face popping out of my head (hence the Mary character in this chapter), its a girl who I liked and also liked me but I rejected. To stop this, I had to tell that girl my sorry right away and confessed what I felt back then right after you left.

Now I feel like I can move on about her and focus on you but I'll be honest I still like her just like how I like you. I know its a shitty thing to say but there's still a little bit of that feeling still lingering within me, but... its yours that i wanted to return. And it's you who i still have a lot to know more about, that's why I really wish to talk to you again and maybe someday see you besides me.