The moss-crept stonewall shot towards the skies, giving sight only to the piercing rooftops of the castle and the eagles hovering and nesting above it, while a shining gate with barbs on the edges rivalled its heights.

And Sanyu's eyes are stuck on to it: to the footholds, the railings, and the holes that one could clamp a hand on.

"So what's the plan?" His friend had to ask.

"There's none," Sanyu said through his teeth.

Marlow exhaled then planted a hand on to his face.

--

A man draped in a charred-like cloak dropped on to his knees and before him is the Queen poised on her throne.

"Your highness, its with great regret that I inform you, that his whereabouts were unknown since yesterday"

The Queen placed a nail below her chin and crossed her legs.

"And how is that possible?" She asked. The kneeling man began swallowing a lump on his neck.

"H-he seems to posses a trail of intervening energy that completely deem ours  ineffective-" 

"Do you suppose to tell me that the skilled trackers of Yelirn is 'ineffective' to some random man with a curse?"

The man ransacked his mind for an answer but ended up frozen on his pose.

"Do i have to request the aid of the great sages just to deal with this one tiny nuisance while the more important matters of the kingdom are at stake!"

"Th-that is what I do not understand, your highness, if I may... why not just impose a bounty on him and let him be"

The Queen stood up, stretched a hand for the nearest blade, held it up before her face and let her own pale face shine through its reflection.

"Fool, I am not just a Queen of this country. In regards to everything in this world that matters, I am also a mother... And for Eve's sake, she cannot be hurt by affection, and you cannot remove affection, without removing his presence"

--

On a steep corner, crowded by a large shadow, two figures are hanged on to a stonewall with only their fingernails holstered on to edges and holes of poor gravel.

"To go through all this trouble, if you want a royalty that you have a chance on... why don't you just pick a court lady instead?" Marlow asked, his limping arm scanning the walls for a bump or a tear.

"How immature... if you want a more boring friend why don't you just get a pig instead" Sanyu replied climbing faster than his friend.

"a pig? you're over exaggerating" 

"I am not, don't insult my princess" Sanyu said with fierce eyes and Marlow wished he could shrug.

The air gets taken out of them at each heave of an arm, a pull of their shoulders, and a push of their feet but they rise inch by inch.

At the top of the stonewall, the blazing sun greeted their exhausted arms and legs, only the ledge served to let them surrender against the searing heat. Below them, the grounds are far in to the distance such that their bones will crumble to hundreds of pieces if they were to fall.

"How are we supposed to get down from here?" Marlow asked.

Sanyu paused, his eyes drifted just below him, to the tower attached at the side of the boxed castle walls, it rose from the grounds filled with panes and moss, his eyes focused on the nearest one.

"You see that window over there?" Sanyu pointed.

Marlow nodded.

"If I'm fast enough, I'm sure I can jump it" Sanyu wiggled his hands to demonstrate.

Marlow's eyes widened with a blank stare.

"Uhh.. no, won't do" He replied.

"Don't worry only I need to do it, I'll find you a rope or a staircase once I'm inside"

Marlow palmed his face again and sighed.

"No... jumping over there is ridiculous and you will di-"

While he was protesting, Sanyu bolstered his foot and threw himself forwards, leaping on to the air.

--

"Sister Eve, may i come in?" A young freckled woman asked through a door.

Then Eve on her solemn moment returned to reality from the mention of her name. Since the silver crown had been numb on her grasps, she had to let it sit back on top of her head before striding to turn the doorhandle.

"If it isn't May, my sister... Did you come for a reading session?" Eve asked, her reddened palms had reached for May's wrists.

May nodded and displayed a collection of books before her sister.

"Floral potting and accessories, you chose this?" Eve asked.

May nodded again.

Eve exhaled then smiled.

"Great! I also like this, it will be better to do it with more people don't you think? Shall we head over to meet the girls?"

They stood up to make their way out of the room until the Queen appeared through the door with a gentle smile.

"Heading out to play?" she asked.

"Yes mom, to the court ladies" May replied.

The Queen's brow raised and she turned to Eve.

"You were already that close to each other?" she asked.

"Not at all, but perhaps this time I could befriend them through this" Eve replied, showing the illustration of a flower beaded on to a circle at its cover page.

The Queen nodded her head.

"Well then, have fun" She replied waiting for the two to leave through the door.

When the steps had cleared, she sat on to the bedside with a grin.

--

Sanyu's feet was paddling on to the air and Marlow's screaming for his friend's name was muffled by the wind.

Sanyu was zooming towards the tower, wind blowing through his face, his eyes exact on the opening of the window.

His heart sunk at every passing moment, and like time as if it were slowed down, his head was shot with memories of the past; Many of those were old friends and old lovers, who all had been prowled by the curse that he possessed by birth.

And most importantly, the most recent memory of a girl, wearing a tiara but sat upon a humble patch of grass. From then his heart had risen and he opened his eyes.

He has just passed the window and the ground was an inch below him, twisting his body, he slapped his hand on the floor, and his shoulders fell first to roll his body over.

Sharp pain entered through his back and forearm, but he gritted his teeth and pulled himself up.

His eyes wandered.

The interior of the castle was made mostly of marble casting of floor, pearl-like statues, and plentiful of torches.

"Why is it so quiet..." Sanyu asked himself as he drag along his steps, massaging his reddened wrist.

He began shagging his back to every walls like a thief, then peering over to see the corridors by craning his neck.

There on one isolated door is the insignia of a butterfly. Her face flushed on to his mind.

"Eve!" Sanyu yelped and ran across to open the door.

With one twist, the lock unclicked and the door swung open.

Rather than Eve, what appeared was a woman resembling an older version of her.

"Sanyu The Cursed, you have overstepped your bounds" Said the Queen, her stare was swallowing him.

His body was frozen solid that he couldn't feel a sharp edge rise around his neck.

It was a lance held by a stern faced man clad in silver armor.

"Sanyu The Cursed, surrender or beheaded for civil disobedience"

* Author's Note *
This chapter... is a bit too plot-based than my experience with you, i just wanted to get through this one then after that its going to mirror our real story again (Still, i would jump a tower if i can see you)
[Rewritten some parts]

-- On the more important note, here's my actual message --

I woke up thinking that nothing has changed from my days like the last three of them. Those are nights where I think of you and things that I shouldn't be thinking of, days of pointless distraction and not getting anything done. I was needfully worried of/for you and I will always be even if you tell me not to.

Anyways, that is until I began checking if you had sent me any messages through the website.

When I saw that there is an inbound message, and that it came from "Eve" herself.

I don't know what to tell you but since reading through what you've written, I was overjoyed. You claiming the name I've crowned you with just made me smile. And best of all, i got to listen to you again.

And about Z, I've actually known that its not because of him why you blocked me in the first place. Especially after we talked, I think I might've just said that at the time to avoid my responsibilities of thinking about the fact that you may not return anymore because of me. And yes its because of me.

With that said, he was understandably dejected after knowing the truth. I also feel responsible for this and decided that I would befriend the guy, it wasn't difficult as he was really nice like you said. So far we were able to share our piece of mind to each other. And that there are a lot for me to learn about him and through my own will I wanted to become another pillar of support till he also picks himself back up. Hopefully I can help you with this problem this time... Even so, I don't feel like giving you up to him haha. He has told me to make you forget about him completely if possible, and if we become a thing then I'll make sure that happens.

Anyways, Reven and Luiza wanted to tell you something but they still hadn't finished writing their messages so I'm just putting it on the next "chapters" to come.

Lastly, i know that this tiny world i have created for you won't replace the one that you had. If you will hold on to this, i want you to think of this as my hand and that you're at arms with something that will try its best to keep pulling you along, on one merry journey even if you begin to fall out of love of me. If you think we are meant for each other, then we may just really be. Just so you know, from this point onwards we must do our best for ourselves so one day when we're matured enough we'll be able to admit that we're also doing it for our love. Cheesy as that may be.

My dreams, you should become a part of it.