Petals and stems filled the glass table fitted in the evergreen garden of the castle.

The court ladies draped in brilliant gowns and floral scents had their hands swaying from one petal to another, arranging a circle of bouquet, a line of roses, and a vase's life-giver.

The princess, Eve's eyes were shining as she watched over their every gracefulness.

The passing of the moment, the smiles, the soothing voices, and the fragrant air made the time still.

One court lady had a pausing moment as she stopped her glance towaeds Eve's face.

She tied together a circle of deep roses and jumped from her seat before brandishing herself over the princess's side.

"Princess! here, put it on..." The lady helmed Eve a wreath of white lily and it sat on her head as a perfect fit.

All the court ladies had their faces lit up.

"You're as gorgeous as the stargazer on your head, princess Eve" one had said.

"I wonder..." Eve mouthed to herself.

"It is true! any man would fall for you" another one rebutted.

"Its not if any man would, its if the one her heart flutters for, did" replied the more carroted court lady.

"That's right... is there one that makes your heart flutter, princess?"

The moment was halted upon an arrival of rushing footsteps and the clang of chainmails.

"Your highness, and the ladies! Please hurry inside the castle, there is no more time to explain" A guard clad in full silver had announced.

Following the guard's direction, Eve and the court ladies strode along his path making their way to the dim longue of the study.

As they sat upon soft leathers and watched the flickering of flames from the fireplace, Eve began to grow worried.

"What is the matter? why did we come here?" Eve asked.

"Your highness, there's currently a fugitive who had snuck in to the castle... and the Queen ordered that we take you to a safe place"

"What kind of madman would do that?" asked one of the ladies.

"Maybe someone who had just fallen head over heels over one of you, ladies" Eve said to them.

The court ladies blushed and giggled.

"Could it be?!"

--

Sanyu was resigned on to a dark corner, surrounded only by shining vertical bars and a towering gray wall.

His head was shot on to the ground, fingers massaging his own throbbing forehead. A knot of cloth on one shoulder with a red stain.

He rose when the cell door made a clunk, the handle bounced before it swung open.

First was a bulbous face, similar to the injuries that he had received on his face, at first he seemed to be an unknown person till Sanyu recalled what his friend had been wearing.

"Marlow?!" Sanyu asked, his friend's eyes were half closed and couldn't respond to him.

Then a guard appeared behind Marlow, who had been leading his steps.

"Where are you taking him?" Sanyu asked as Marlow gets dragged to a different cell.

"Can't have you fugitives working together now, can we?" The guard replied.

Sanyu gripped the bars with all his might and heaved till his spirit had left his body but it didn't even budge.

"I'm sorry Marlow" Sanyu whispered to himself.

--

The capture of the fugitives had finally reached the princess and the court lady, though the most of them were at ease, some had been curious with what had Eve said.

"Men aren't that serious" A court lady who wore strips of bangs and a silk-like long hair had said.

"Eh? what was that about, Mary?" Asked another.

Eve was taken aback as Mary stood from her chair as she had a slight annoyance on her eyes.

"I'm sorry you feel that way but not all men are the same" Eve said, the words had been spouted without any hesitation which made Mary feel like something had crawled up her hair.

"It was a joke, calm down" one court lady had said.

Mary sighed.

"Well princess, i shall find out for myself... I'll just relay the identity to the girls then" Mary said turning and walking to the guard.

The guard nodded and allowed Mary to meet the said fugitives.

--

As the sun is setting off, Sanyu heard a different type of rustling that arose from his friend's cell.

"My jaws were hurting, tha's why I couldn't respond but you have to understand one thing Sanyu" Marlow broke the silence.

"I'm here for two reasons... one is that I've been broken before by love, but there's still something within me that believes that good endings exist, and how i wish mine was real" he said.

Sanyu lifted his chin.

"Second is that... I'm your friend, and it means that I'm here for you when you need my jaws to get busted. That's why i don't want you to apologize about this, I'm doing it for my happiness as well" Marlow finished his thought and laid back to the cold ground.

Sanyu laid his back on the wall, wearing a smile as his chest had been feathered, and the shoulders had lost the weight it had once received from seeing his friend's beat-up face.

"Do tell me one thing Sanyu, the princess... Eve, do you love her?" asked Marlow.

"I d-"

Before Sanyu could finish the words, the cell door had swung open again, this time it was a female figure, her hair was swaying as she cover up her own face from the wind.

As the light had hit Sanyu's face, the girl, Mary had straightened, her eyes turning blank.

"Sanyu? Is that you?" she asked.

* Author's Note *
You're a beautiful memory, my princess.
And I wanted to gift you something soon, I hope you'd still be fine accepting something from me once the time comes.

Rev and Lui somehow hasn't yet finished writing their message to you so uh... sorry about that. I'll ask them sometime again about it.

Anyways, I'm slowly getting back to my pace and maybe everything will turn out better for me, hopefully it does for you as well. You know i felt like I failed since I was expecting to have made more drastic improvements to my Japanese level before mid December hits but failing that because of my own fault, its as if fate was being forgiving as Japan's borders closed again and now I'm given more time to get myself together.

I might have to make do with double the effort but I won't forget you, and i wanna still keep writing here and about you. I never want to forget about you, or anyone that makes me happy for that matter.

At any case, we both know that we must do our best, improve ourselves, reach for our dreams, if we ever really want to see each other with each other. Keep holding on, I will.

By the way if the news ever comes by you, me and Lee are pretending to be couples just for the giggles. Nothing real there. Just a heads up, take care.